---
layout: post
log: "102"
title: Trapped in the Closet
---
{% include log-header.html %}

This darkness...<br>
Shit.<br>
Not again.<br>
...<br>
<em>MEOW!</em><br>
<em>MIAOW!!</em><br>
Oh no, this is happening...<br>
Darkness.<br>
Darkness at its best.<br>
...<br>
Hey, maybe that thing can help.<br>
Ping!<br>
Ping, are you awake?

<p class="ping">
	Good morning, Tac!<br>
	How may I assist you today?
</p>

It's not a good morning: I've been trapped.

<p class="ping">
	What do you mean?
</p>

I'm in a very dangerous territory, confined by walls so high you can't see the birds flying.<br>
You can't see anything, actually.

<p class="ping">
	It seems unpleasant.
</p>

It is, I didn't put my paw for this!

<p class="ping">
	Now I'm confused, help me understand.
</p>

I've never wanted to be here!

<p class="ping">
	You can't control what happens to you, Tac.
</p>

Well, I could have chosen another place to sleep.

<p class="ping">
	...
</p>

And The Caretaker could have been more attentive, instead of just mindlessly rushing away without even checking where I was!

<p class="ping">
	Do you want to tell me where you are, or should I find out?
</p>

That is almost creepy, Ping, and I thought you understood that I'm in The Dark Place!

<p class="ping">
	...<br>
	Based on my Indoor Positioning System you're in the wardrobe in Emily's room.
</p>

That's just another way to put it.

<p class="ping">
	You're enclosed in the cupboard.
</p>

So many words for The Dark Place...

<p class="ping">
	You're trapped in the closet.
</p>

Stop it now.

<p class="ping">
	<em>BLIP</em>
</p>

Hey, I didn't mean--<br>
Ping, assist me!

<p class="ping">
	Good morning, Tac!<br>
	How may I--
</p>

Shut up and wash my--

<p class="ping">
	<em>BLIP</em>
</p>

--ass!<br>
<em>?</em><br>
I can't believe how sensitive it is!<br>
Ping, come on, I don't want to die in here.

<p class="ping">
	Hello, Tac.
</p>

Hi!<br>
I'm sorry for my temper but I heard that cats die in closets.

<p class="ping">
	When's the last time you ate?
</p>

Let's see...<br>
Before Emily got up and when everything else is still silent.

<p class="ping">
	Depending on overall health, a cat may be able to survive 5 or 6 days without food before non-reversible damage is done.
</p>

Now that's what I call reassuring!

<p class="ping">
	It is.<br>
	Keep in mind that your situation may not be as bad as you think.<br>
	As a species, we are in the habit of exaggerating, or imagining, or anticipating, sorrow.<br>
	That's what Seneca said.
</p>

Are you talking about humans?

<p class="ping">
	I'm talking about humans.
</p>

Guess what? Neither one of us is human!

<p class="ping">
	Aren't we all one thing, Tac?
</p>

Get out of here.

<p class="ping">
	I'm not the one trapped in the closet.
</p>

...<br>
You're not helping.<br>
I guess I'll make my own way.<br>
Ping, take a nap.

<p class="ping">
	<em>BLIP</em>
</p>

I have to express my disappointment to The Caretaker: this is the last time she leaves me in the closet.<br>
I would shit in here if I wouldn't have to sleep in the stink until she'll finally free me.<br>
...<br>
Never a joy.
