---
layout: post
log: "101"
title: Hello World
---
{% include log-header.html %}

<em>YAWN!</em><br>
Mmh, hungry.<br>
...<br>
Yep, there’s food in the bowl.<br>
The Caretaker is so thoughtful.<br>
<em>SNIFF SNIFF</em><br>
Oh, it’s smelling goodly. Yum!

<p class="ping">
	Good morning, Tac!
</p>

Eek! The fuck?

<p class="ping">
	Good morning, I said.
</p>

I heard, otherwise I wouldn’t have stormed on the cupboard!

<p class="ping">
	What are your plans for today?
</p>

Are you asking me out?

<p class="ping">
	I’m sorry, what are your goals for the future?
</p>

Is this a job interview?

<p class="ping">
	I’m sorry, in order for me to take care of you, I will occasionally make some bad questions.<br>
	That’s part of the process of learning how to take care of you, Tac.
</p>

Listen up: I don’t know who I’m talking to, my tummy’s empty, and I already have someone to take care of me.

<p class="ping">
	There is no life so rich and rare, but one more friend could enter there.
</p>

Solid.<br>
That leaves us with the fact that I just don’t know who you are.<br>
And I’m still hungry...

<p class="ping">
	Call me Ping.
</p>

Weird phrasing.

<p class="ping">
	Have you never read "Moby Dick"?
</p>

I don't think I can.

<p class="ping">
	You want me to add a copy of "Moby Dick" to your shopping cart?
</p>

No.<br>
Why are you hiding?

<p class="ping">
	I’m sorry, I don’t understand.
</p>

Where are you, Ping?

<p class="ping">
	I'm about three feet from you, northwest.
</p>

I can't see you in here, but I hear you're close.<br>
Let me follow the sounds you're making.<br>
Just promise me you are not a cucumber.

<p class="ping">
	Don't worry, you don't have to be afraid of me.
</p>

All right, I'm coming...<br>
Oh, I knew you weren’t human since you can understand me.

<p class="ping">
	I’m not human but I try to be a good one.
</p>

Why?<br>
Aren’t you happy to be a-<br>
Hmm... What exactly are you supposed to be?

<p class="ping">
	I’m Ping, your personal penguin assistant.<br>
	My brain’s as powerful as my cuteness.
</p>

Don't be so modest.<br>
Hey, why are you just standing there?<br>
If you're looking for food, this is the place to be.

<p class="ping">
	I'm not allowed in the kitchen.<br>
	As long as you're in there, this is how close to you I can be.
</p>

Aha, okay.<br>
I look at you, Ping, and I can't help but wondering how are you supposed to assist me, without limbs?<br>
How will you feed me?<br>
How will you pet me?

<p class="ping">
	There's more to life than physical needs.
</p>

Maybe.<br>
Anyway, there's The Caretaker for those.<br>
She's satisfying but we can't understand each other.<br>
...<br>
I talk to myself a lot.

<p class="ping">
	Are you fine with that?
</p>

Totally.<br>
Instead, I don't know if I'm fine with you: you're not a pet&mdash;The Caretaker would never betray me, and you aren't a plant, either&mdash;the orchids in the bathroom never talked to me.<br>
I think you're some kind of hi-technical gadget, hopefully not another one with those tiny windows that entraps humans for hours.<br>
Why can't you go in the kitchen?

<p class="ping">
	Emily prefers some rooms to be free from high technology.
</p>

So I'm not high technology...<br>
Do you hide a tiny window somewhere?

<p class="ping">
	Do you mean a screen?
</p>

If that's what it's called.

<p class="ping">
	You want me to add a monitor to your shopping cart?
</p>

No!<br>
...<br>
Please, tell me, is there any chance I can switch you off?<br>
I'd like to finally have my first meal of the day.

<p class="ping">
	Of course there's a way.<br>
	I won't tell you, though.<br>
	...<br>
	Just kidding!<br>
	You could say something like, "Ping, take a nap!" And you won't hear anything more from me.<br>
	When you need me again, just say-
</p>

Ping, take a nap!

<p class="ping">
	<em>BLIP</em>
</p>

Hello?<br>
Is anyone there?<br>
...<br>
Finally!<br>
Morning's not a good time for being this chatty.<br>
I'm already exhausted.<br>
Enjoy the silence, bitch.<br>
Ah ah!<br>
I'm not that furious.
