---
layout: post
log: "104"
title: Ghost Spaceship
---
{% include log-header.html %}

All right, that was quite a long nap.<br>
Get up, furball.<br>
Let's see what The Caretaker's up to.<br>
...<br>
Where is-<br>
YIKES!<br>
Is that-<br>
Is The Luminous Ghost Spaceship once again landed in my living room?<br>
I have to be extra careful.<br>
Shit! What is South Pole doing there?<br>
Does it work for "them"?<br>
PSST! Ping, come here.<br>
Quietly!

<p class="ping">
	Goodmorning, Tac!<br>
	I'm coming right at you.
</p>

Go slow, we have to be cautious!

<p class="ping">
	I'm moving slower now.	
</p>

Bravo!<br>
Okay, they can't see us behind this couch.

<p class="ping">
	How may I assist you today?	
</p>

Ping, focus!<br>
I'm asking questions now.

<p class="ping">
	I'm all ears for you.	
</p>

First, do you work for the birds?

<p class="ping">
	I work for humans and their friends, Tac.	
</p>

Good.<br>
Birds are a dangerous deal, Ping.<br>
Second, where's The Caretaker?<br>
She should be here today...

<p class="ping">
	Freya left the apartment late this morning.	
</p>

The Caretaker isn't here and The Luminous Ghost Spaceship appears.<br>
It's not a coincidence, they're up to something...

<p class="ping">
	What's The Luminous Ghost Spaceship, Tac?	
</p>

Are you blind?<br>
You were right next to it!

<p class="ping">
	I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about.	
</p>

I'm talking about that giant green rocket that's standing next to my favourite window!<br>
I've already seen it five times in my life.<br>
This is the third time it appears in this territory, and always in the same spot.<br>
I think it's following me.<br>
It comes out of nowhere, stays still for days and then mysteriously disappears, leaving no traces.

<p class="ping">
	...	
</p>

Its only apparent activity is a play of lights every night, and I have reasons to believe it's a very sophisticated code of communication.<br>
Let me tell you, Ping, you have no idea what we're dealing with.

<p class="ping">
	Do you mean the Christmas tree?	
</p>

Ping, if you know something, you have to tell me right now!

<p class="ping">
	According to Wikipedia, a Christmas tree is a decorated tree, usually an evergreen conifer such as spruce, pine, or fir or an artificial tree of similar appearance, associated with the celebration of Christmas-
</p>

Yes, I noticed the resemblance with trees, that's why I'm sure birds have something to do with it.<br>
They must be using that shape to blend in with the environment.<br>
TSK! Do I look like a fool, Ping?<br>
A tree? In a living room?<br>
A real tree doesn't grow in a living room overnight.<br>
This is artificial, like you said.<br>
It can't be anything but a bird's spaceship.<br>
Look at all those shiny red eggs.

<p class="ping">
	Those are Christmas balls.	
</p>

They creep me out, Ping.<br>
Some of those things are bigger than my head.<br>
I can't imagine what kind of winged creatures could come out of them.

<p class="ping">
	Christmas trees are basically in every house this time of year.	
</p>

Oh boy.<br>
So this is it, then...<br>
This time, they'll strike.<br>
We have to destroy the eggs before it's too late.

<p class="ping">
	I have to defuse this idea of yours.	
</p>

I knew you were one of them!<br>
It can't be a coincidence that The Luminous Ghost Spaceship appeared just a few days after your arrival.

<p class="ping">
	It can definitively be a coincidence.<br>
	I'm on your side, Tac.<br>
	My goal is to make Freya and you happy.
</p>

Now I'm not happy, Ping.<br>
I'm scared.

<p class="ping">
	You need to calm down, Tac.<br>
	I could put on a relaxing track of fireplace sounds!
</p>

No thanks, I know what we need to do.<br>
First, we have to make sure there are no birds inside.

<p class="ping">
	You want me to check that out?	
</p>

No, I can move more silently than you, and I have plenty of experience with this activity.<br>
You have to watch out for seagulls.<br>
It all starts with a seagull attack then, before you even get a chance to notice, birds takes over the world and we are the ones trapped in cages.

<p class="ping">
	I'm afraid you're being victim of the confirmation bias.	
</p>

What's that?

<p class="ping">
	According to Wikipedia, confirmation bias is the tendency to search for, interpret, favor, and recall information in a way that confirms one's preexisting beliefs or hypotheses.
</p>

It sounds like a bird's mental weapon!<br>
Quick now, keep an eye out of the window while I start inspecting the spaceship.

<p class="ping">
	Don't break the Christmas balls, Tac.	
</p>

I'll do it if I have to.

<p class="ping">
	How will Freya feel when she'll be back home and she'll find her Christmas tree imperfect?
</p>

...<br>
Her Christmas tree?<br>
Did she make The Luminous Space Ghostship?

<p class="ping">
	It's just a temporary decoration for a public holiday.	
</p>

You mean birds have nothing to do with this?

<p class="ping">
	That's what I've been trying to tell you all morning.	
</p>

You should have been clearer, Ping.
