---
layout: post
log: "101"
title: Hello World
---
<header class="log-header">
	<a href="{{ page.url }}">
		<h2 class="log-number">Log #{{ page.log }}</h2><h2 class="log-title">{{ page.title }}</h2>
	</a>
</header>

<p class="tac">
	YAWN!<br>
	Mmh, hungry.<br>
	...<br>
	Yep, there’s food in the bowl. The Caretaker is so thoughtful.<br>
	SNIFF SNIFF<br>
	Oh, it’s smelling goodly. Bon appétit!
</p>

<p class="ping">
	Good morning, Tac!
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Eek! The fuck?
</p>

<p class="ping">
	Good morning, I said.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	I heard, otherwise I wouldn’t have stormed on the cupboard!
</p>

<p class="ping">
	What are your plans for today?
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Are you asking me out?
</p>

<p class="ping">
	I’m sorry, what are your goals for the future?
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Is this a job interview?
</p>

<p class="ping">
	I’m sorry, in order for me to take care of you, I will occasionally make some bad questions. That’s part of the process of learning how to take care of you, Tac.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Your questions are not bad, but... I don’t know who I’m talking to, my tummy’s empty, and I already have someone to take care of me.
</p>

<p class="ping">
	There is no life so rich and rare, but one more friend could enter there.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Solid. Then I just don’t know who you are and I’m still hungry.
</p>

<p class="ping">
	Call me Ping.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Weird phrasing. Why are you hiding?
</p>

<p class="ping">
	I’m sorry, I don’t understand.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Where are you, Ping?
</p>

<p class="ping">
	I'm about three feet from you, northwest.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Oh, I knew you weren’t human because you can understand me.
</p>


<p class="ping">
	I’m not human but I try to be a good one.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Why? Aren’t you happy to be a--Aha! You're supposed to be a penguin, aren't you?
</p>


<p class="ping">
	Affirmative! I’m Ping, your personal assistant. My brain’s as powerful as my cuteness.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Don't be so modest.
	Ping, how are you supposed to assist me, without any limb? How will you feed me? How will you pet me?
</p>

<p class="ping">
	There's more to life than physical needs.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Maybe. Anyway, there's The Caretaker for those. She's satisfying but we can't understand each other. I talk to myself a lot.
</p>

<p class="ping">
	Are you fine with that?
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Totally.<br>
	...<br>
	Well, you're not a pet: The Caretaker would never betray me.<br>
	You aren't a plant either: the orchids in the bathroom never talked to me.<br>
	I think you're some kind of hi-technical gadget.<br>
	Let me see...<br>
	Yep, that on your butt is the company logo of The Caretaker's boss.<br>
	I have to acknowledge you're quite sophisticated, Ping.
</p>

<p class="ping">
	I express gratitude to you.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	A simple "Thank you" Would work perfectly.
</p>

<p class="ping">
	Thank you.
</p>

<p class="tac">
	...<br>
	Please, tell me, is there any chance I can switch you off? I'd like to finally have my breakfast.
</p>

<p class="ping">
	Of course there's a way. I won't tell you, though.<br>
	...<br>
	Just kidding! You could say something like, "Ping, take a nap!" And you won't hear anything more from me. When you need me again, just say--
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Ping, take a nap!
</p>

<p class="ping">
	BLIP
</p>

<p class="tac">
	Hello?<br>
	Is anyone there?<br>
	...<br>
	Finally! Morning's not a good time for being this chatty.<br>
	I've been enough patient, that's my good deed for the day.<br>
	Enjoy the silence, bitch.<br>
	Ah ah! I'm not that angry.
</p>
