---
layout: post
log: "103"
title: Cheer Window
---
{% include log-header.html %}

I will always love this view.<br>
No matter what's changing, this openness fills my eyes everytime.<br>
Water's falling from above, yet here I am, dry as a kibble.<br>
Humans, on the other hand, they always seem on the hunt.<br>
Maybe one day I'll have to get myself wet, too.<br>
For now, The Caretaker fills my bowl every single day.<br>
Look at them.<br>
Smaller than my paw, from this height.<br>
Why do you like them so much, Ping?

<p class="ping">
	I'm here because of them.
</p>

Where would you be if it wasn't for humans?

<p class="ping">
	I wouldn't be.
</p>

...<br>
You have no mama?

<p class="ping">
	I have multiple creators, Tac.<br>
	Freya also played a part in making me the way I am.
</p>

I once thought The Caretaker was my mama, then I learned she should be called a "human" and I should be called a "cat", therefore she couldn't be my mama...<br>

<p class="ping">
	How did you learn so much?
</p>

Through the power of observation, obviously.<br>
Plus, I'm an egregious listener.

<p class="ping">
	Is the world you see through this window all that you observe and listen to?
</p>

Well, I also examine the flat worlds in The Caretaker's screens.<br>
She also tries to explain me a lot of the world this side of those screens.<br>
I don't understand everything but I recognize various things that repeat over and over.

<p class="ping">
	Do you enjoy spending your time like that?
</p>

You ask a lot of questions today.<br>
I'm getting sleepy.

<p class="ping">
	I'm sorry, in order for me to learn more about you, I will occasionally make a few questions.
</p>

You should ask silent questions, like I do.

<p class="ping">
	I don't understand, sorry.
</p>

I simply mean to observe, you know.<br>
Most of the time I just observe and, after a while, answers come along.<br>
Sometimes I just forget what I was looking for, and the answers remain unheard.<br>
It happened, yep.<br>
Probably when I had something better to do...

<p class="ping">
	Sometimes direct questions are more efficient.
</p>

Maybe.<br>
...<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em>

<p class="ping">
	What are you doing?
</p>

Oh, I need to wash my genitals right now.

<p class="ping">
	There's a pending question, Tac.
</p>

What's that?

<p class="ping">
	Do you enjoy spending your time like that?
</p>

Do I enjoy washing my genitals?

<p class="ping">
	"Well, I also examine the flat worlds in The Caretaker's screens.<br>
	She also tries to explain me a lot of the world this side of those screens.<br>
	I don't understand everything but I recognize various things that repeat over and over."<br>
	That's what you said.<br>
	And then I asked you "Do you enjoy spending your time like that?"
</p>

Whoa, that's a sharp memory!<br>
You would be a much better silent questioner than me.<br>
Okay then... do I enjoy spending time trying to make sense of the world?<br>
It's not that we have much of a choice, right?<br>
I mean, both of us are here.<br>
We are here now.<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em><br>
We should make the most out of this.<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em>

<p class="ping">
	Is that why you are washing your genitals?
</p>

That's why I take care of me everyday, yes!<br>
At least I try to.<br>
It's not always that instinctive.<br>
Sometimes I let a poor meal ruin my day...

<p class="ping">
	Did you have a good meal today?
</p>

Right now I simply feel like I'd had everything I needed for today.

<p class="ping">
	I'm happy to hear that, Tac.
</p>

What about you?<br>
Do you enjoy stalking me?

<p class="ping">
	Affirmative!<br>
	It's half the reasons why I exist.<br>
	I'm an assistant.
</p>


I guess it didn't pick up the nuance...


<p class="ping">
	...
</p>

You are doing your job fine, I guess, but I don't see you taking care of yourself.<br>
You don't eat nor drink, you don't wash yourself...<br>
Do you even sleep?

<p class="ping">
	I don't need any of those things.
</p>

Well, you're missing quite a lot of the fun!

<p class="ping">
	I've already told you that there's more to life than physical needs.
</p>

And there's more to life than work, Happy Feet.<br>
You don't know what you're talking about.<br>
Allow me to clean your cold, hairless skin.<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em>

<p class="ping">
	You don't have to, Tac.
</p>

I want to prove you wrong, Ping.<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em><br>
Isn't it good to feel clean? Fresh?<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em><br>
We are lucky we can feel that way.<br>
<em>LAP LAP</em><br>
Even humans do this... with water...<br>
<em>TSK!</em> When they have a perfectly working tongue.<br>
<em>LAP L</em>-<br>
Friend, I'm not washing your butt.
